So welcome back.
In this video we're going to be creating the final page for our bootstrap template which is going to
be the Contact Us page.
So this is what it's gonna look like.
So we've got the Contact Us section which has two six column containers.
So the one on the left hand side will be for the address details.
And then on the right on side will embed a Google frame with a lakeside location.
And then just below up we'll add a section to send us a message and it's all spun the full width of
the Web page almo we'll get to the word prosection.
This will be fully functional.
So let's get started in our text editor.
So let's start with D about Page 1 A copy all of that.
And then use this as a starting point for our new page.
And then paste this in.
And let's say this hour's contact don't hate them all.
So this page will be used in the same footer.
Someone keep all the put a section in there.
For now we can keep the bolt was section book and just changes to the conductor section.
And then change a section I.D. to contact.
And the level two heading can be changed to contact.
And I will keep this whole row consistent with the rest of the website.
And the follow on role where the text can delete all the text for now we don't need that.
Borgen keep the roll.
I will reuse that.
So what in this role this is going to be the to six column sections the one on the left will have the
address and the section on the right.
We'll have the Google maps I frame.
So let's start by crane two new divs.
We have a class of coal S M 6.
I'll do exactly the same for the Google I frame.
So first of all we'll start on the div on the left which will have the address information.
So first of all we're going to add some custom s s so we can add our own class of address.
And also take a look at the finished website you can see that the address has the dark background image
and this is from a bootstrap well.
So let's add the class of well.
The dress is going to be the same as the footer section.
So scroll down to the bottom of the page and then copy the address tigers.
And paste it into the div on the left.
And it's also a font awesome icon.
Which is just to the left of the name.
So let's add that just after the opening address tigg So to add the icon it has a tag.
We had a class of F A F A dash up.
Dash marker.
And then just below the address we're going to add some e-mail and telephone information.
So both the e-mail on the telephone section as a font.
Awesome icon.
So the first one is for me.
IMO this is a class of F A F A envelope.
DASH Oh.
And then just after the Icom going add the text of email.
I can put a generic e-mail in there.
The mail mail dot com.
Then at a break tigg.
And the second icon.
It's for the telephone.
So this is a class of F A F A dash phone.
Text or telephone.
And again or put a generic number in there.
Let's take a look at that.
Go back into the browser and refresh.
OK.
So we've got the div on the left hand side sure nicely.
Just something to change in the email section.
Go back up.
So just got a few things need to change or change that to a colon.
At symbol.
There we go.
So next we need to create the frame on the right side.
So go over to Google Maps and find a nice Lakeside location.
And then what you need to do is click on the menu.
And then select share or and bed up.
And select the second tab which is embed map.
And then copy the link that Google provides.
And then if we go into our second div we can paste this in.
And let's see how this look.
Will that work in fine will add some C S S in the next video for this book that's look.
Okay for now.
So that's this real finished.
So next we'll move down and we'll add the.
Send us a message section or back into the text editor.
And if we locate the div with the class of row and facilities we don't need the facilities class anymore
but all other where on class of message area.
And then all the content between this role.
Can get rid off.
So look for the claws and roll container.
The all images and all the Dibbs And let's get started on the message section.
So let's create a full width section so we'll give the div a class of call S and 12.
And then nested inside will also added div with a class of well stands out a little bit more.
And then inside the well we're going to create the hated team or form.
So let's head over to the finished project and take a look.
So the style allowed the text at the top of send as a message learn and some form groups with the inputs
for the name email and the message text area and then add a submit button to the bomb.
So start with the text at the very top so we'll add some petersburg's and then a text or send us a message.
Then just below will add the first div with the class of phon group.
And it is a bookstop class will be using to surround the free inputs.
So the style will add an input.
We had a type of text.
A class of form control.
Which is also a bookstop class.
And then a idee.
Of inputs.
Name.
And the.
Place all the text simply of name and close off.
OK so next we're going to add a label on this label is going to be for these screen readers.
So let's give it a class of s r only.
Anslinger this label to the input inside the open in targ going out for.
Then much with the input eidy of input name.
Then between the label tags we can add the text to appear or name.
So let's copy this form group and were uses for the email section.
And and paste it in below.
So in this form group we need to change the input to be input email.
And the text to be IMO.
And then would in the input will change the input name to be input email.
On the place all the text it IMO.
Then paste in the form group one more time.
So this time it's going to be input message.
And the name of the message.
And it's the USANA input.
You can just delete that and this time because it's gonna be a message.
We can add a textarea.
So the textarea will have the class.
Or form control.
The idae of input dush message.
Which is the same as the label.
And the place all the text.
It's gonna to be equal to message.
And then the last attribute is gonna to be the number of rows one to appear as default.
So I'm going to set this to be free initially.
Then close up the text every section.
And then just after the textarea the last thing I want to add is the input for the submit plan so input.
So what other type of subnet.
This will have the familiar class that we've used earlier on of beaten beaten dash defaults.
And this will add the same styles that we've used on the buttons in the index page.
And finally the value.
Which is the text on the button will be submit.
And close off.
I shall now add a few claws and comments.
And then just above the roll.
This is the closing type for the 12 column section.
Then just above that.
This is for the class of well.
So let's save that and check this out in the browser.
So there's or form at the bottom of the page so that all the hate demo we need for the Contact Us page.
So join me in the next video and we'll finish off the contact page by adding a C S S.